now when they start rebuilding here how
many of you all are going to help out
you're going to help out in a volunteer
okay there we go we can already see
we're going to plenty of help here
hopefully we'll see this building
rebuilt as opposed to torn down but
that's going to be decided once the
structural engineers take a look and
once they figure out how much it would
cost to restore this building I guess is
they're going to have no shortage of
volunteers here if they need help
rebuilding
all right
Mount Airy maryland USA okay we have
some late arrivals here are you all
going to help out when they start
rebuilding are you all going to
volunteer everybody else has already
raised their hand okay good
hot
it's a fire in the building they can see
on camera right now inside a strip of
anonymity to Rio meanwhile
they have
the ball is just one vacant lot away
reporting live in Monterey I'm Emily
Schmidt baby
a little bit of excitement here in Mount
Airy Maryland as the news media comes
out and reports on this fire
late this afternoon to save
late Monday afternoon the State Fire
Marshal's Office said the fire most
likely started in a brick oven pizzeria
in that building see behind me meanwhile
the city is taking relief
City Hall people here off the glasses
have a signal
making lot of ways
now did you say that you're going to
help out when they need volunteers here
to help rebuild you'll help out yeah all
right hopefully we'll hear from bill the
owner of this building and we'll get an
update on what's going to happen here
whether or not it will have to be taken
down or whether or not it can be rebuilt
or no they'll just have to build a
replacement building here so it's still
up in the air as whether or not this
building will remain in Mount Airy
maryland USA we'll keep you posted
Frederick com